update: native UI tutorial adjusted for the new template project structure (#630)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/multiplatform-onboard/multiplatform-create-first-app.md

In IntelliJ IDEA, expand the `GreetingKMP` folder.

This Kotlin Multiplatform project includes the following modules:

> * _androidApp_ is a Kotlin module that builds into an Android application. It uses Gradle as the build system.

Reviewer: Do we really need italics for module names?

>   The composeApp module depends on and uses the shared module as a regular Android library.

Reviewer: the `androidApp` module?

* _iosApp_ is an Xcode project that builds into an iOS application.
  It depends on the `sharedLogic` module, which is exported as an iOS framework.
  Kotlin Multiplatform projects created using the IDE wizard use the regular framework dependency through
  [direct integration](multiplatform-direct-integration.md).
* _sharedLogic_ is the multiplatform module that contains the logic common for both Android and iOS applications.
* _sharedUI_ is the module with Compose Multiplatform UI code: in this project, it is used only by the Android app,

>   but it is a multiplatform module that can be used by other targets whenever you are ready for that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  but it is a multiplatform module and can be used by other targets when needed.
```

Every module except for `iosApp` uses Gradle as the build system.

![Basic Multiplatform project structure](basic-project-structure.svg){width=700}

> <!-- TODO need to redo the diagram: ios depends on sharedLogic while android on both sharedLogic and sharedUI -->

Reviewer: Maybe hide the diagram for now?

_Source set_ is a Gradle concept for a set of files logically grouped together where each set has its own dependencies.
In Kotlin Multiplatform, different source sets in a shared module can target different platforms.

The `sharedLogic` module contains the `androidMain`, `commonMain`, and `iosMain` source sets.

> The `commonMain` source set contains shared Kotlin code, and platform source sets use Kotlin code specific to each target.

Reviewer: Optional:
```suggestion
The `commonMain` source set contains shared Kotlin code, while the platform-specific source sets contain code targeting each platform.
```

    }
    ```

>     * The `name` property of the `AndroidPlatform` class uses the Android-specific code, namely the `android.os.Build`
>       dependency. This code is interpreted as Kotlin/JVM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The `name` property of the `AndroidPlatform` class uses Android-specific code, namely the `android.os.Build`
      class. This code is interpreted as Kotlin/JVM.
```

      If you try to access a JVM-specific class, such as `java.util.Random` here, this code will compile.
    * The `name` property of the `IOSPlatform` class uses iOS-specific code, namely the `platform.UIKit.UIDevice`

>       dependency. This code is interpreted as Kotlin/Native, meaning that you can refer to iOS declarations in Kotlin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      class. This code is interpreted as Kotlin/Native, meaning that you can refer to iOS declarations in Kotlin.
```

      The code becomes a part of the iOS framework, which is imported in the Swift code of the `iosApp` module.

3. Each source set includes a `getPlatform()` function.

>    Its expected declaration doesn't have a body, and actual implementations are provided in the platform code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The `expect` declaration doesn't have a body, and `actual` implementations are provided in the platform code:
```
